terraform-modules/azure/subnet/README.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

No requirements.

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#provider\_azurerm) | n/a |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_resource_name_prefix"></a> [resource\_name\_prefix](#module\_resource\_name\_prefix) | git@github.com:UKHSA-Internal/devops-terraform-modules.git//terraform-modules/helpers/resource-name-prefix | TF/helpers/resource-name-prefix/vALPHA_0.0.2 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azurerm_subnet.subnet](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/subnet) | resource |
| [azurerm_resource_group.rg](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/resource_group) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_address_prefixes"></a> [address\_prefixes](#input\_address\_prefixes) | The address prefixes to use for the subnet. | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | The base name of the resources | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group"></a> [resource\_group](#input\_resource\_group) | The name of the resource group where resources will be created. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_service_delegations"></a> [service\_delegations](#input\_service\_delegations) | A list of delegation blocks for services. | <pre>list(object({<br>    name                       = string<br>    service_delegation_name    = string<br>    service_delegation_actions = list(string)<br>  }))</pre> | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Tags to assign | `map(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_virtual_network_name"></a> [virtual\_network\_name](#input\_virtual\_network\_name) | The name of the virtual network to which the subnet is attached. | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_subnet_address_prefixes"></a> [subnet\_address\_prefixes](#output\_subnet\_address\_prefixes) | The address prefixes of the subnet. |
| <a name="output_subnet_id"></a> [subnet\_id](#output\_subnet\_id) | The ID of the subnet. |
| <a name="output_subnet_name"></a> [subnet\_name](#output\_subnet\_name) | The name of the subnet. |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

Add virtual network and subnet to azure api-management service template (#26)
* Add virtual-network module

* Add virtual network and subnet to azure api-management service template

* Modify subnet module

* Automated: Update Terraform documentation

* Revert root README.md being updated

This reverts commit 737580e0723859fcd128fa7ac23ee101783c5372.

---------

Co-authored-by: Klyde Moradeyo <klydemoradeyo@capacitas.co.uk>
Co-authored-by: github-actions <github-actions@github.com>

terraform-modules/azure/subnet/README.md, after:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

No requirements.

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#provider\_azurerm) | n/a |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_resource_name_prefix"></a> [resource\_name\_prefix](#module\_resource\_name\_prefix) | git@github.com:UKHSA-Internal/devops-terraform-modules.git//terraform-modules/helpers/resource-name-prefix | TF/helpers/resource-name-prefix/vALPHA_0.0.2 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azurerm_subnet.subnet](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/subnet) | resource |
| [azurerm_resource_group.rg](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/resource_group) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_address_prefixes"></a> [address\_prefixes](#input\_address\_prefixes) | The address prefixes to use for the subnet. | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | The base name of the resources | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group"></a> [resource\_group](#input\_resource\_group) | The name of the resource group where resources will be created. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_service_delegations"></a> [service\_delegations](#input\_service\_delegations) | A list of delegation blocks for services. | <pre>list(object({<br>    name                       = string<br>    service_delegation_name    = string<br>    service_delegation_actions = list(string)<br>  }))</pre> | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_service_endpoints"></a> [service\_endpoints](#input\_service\_endpoints) | List of service endpoints to associate with the subnet | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Tags to assign | `map(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_virtual_network_name"></a> [virtual\_network\_name](#input\_virtual\_network\_name) | The name of the virtual network to which the subnet is attached. | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_subnet_address_prefixes"></a> [subnet\_address\_prefixes](#output\_subnet\_address\_prefixes) | The address prefixes of the subnet. |
| <a name="output_subnet_id"></a> [subnet\_id](#output\_subnet\_id) | The ID of the subnet. |
| <a name="output_subnet_name"></a> [subnet\_name](#output\_subnet\_name) | The name of the subnet. |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
